Update all references from sourcecode.cio.gov to the whitehouse.gov pdf (#578)
GSA/code-gov-front-end: README.md

## Getting Started

You will need node to run this website. It's built against v14.21.2 (`lts/fermium`). The best way to get node is to install it via `nvm`. See the [nvm installation instructions](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md#installation-and-update) to set it up on your system. 

> A fter you have cloned this repo, you can use `npm install` to install all of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have cloned this repo, you can use `npm install` to install all of the
```
